Proofreading-OV-Runtime (#11658)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/integrate_with_your_application.md

@endsphinxdirective

> 

Reviewer: This article has an updated version by Karol in master. You may need to fetch it from master first. @sgolebiewski-intel

Author: It's been merged :)

Reviewer: It's still different with the version on master...

> > **NOTE**: Before start using OpenVINO™ Runtime, make sure you set all environment variables during the installation. If you did not, follow the instructions from the _Set the Environment Variables_ section in the installation guides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before start using OpenVINO™ Runtime, make sure you set all environment variables during the installation. If you did not, follow the instructions from the _Set the Environment Variables_ section in the installation guides:
```
The list is broken from the note. Let's remove the note format.

> * [For Windows 10](../install_guides/installing-openvino-windows.md)
> * [For Linux](../install_guides/installing-openvino-linux.md)
> * [For macOS](../install_guides/installing-openvino-macos.md)
> * To build an open source version, use the [OpenVINO™ Runtime Build Instructions](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/wiki/BuildingCode).

> ## Use OpenVINO™ Runtime API to Implement Inference Pipeline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using OpenVINO™ Runtime API to Implement Inference Pipeline
```

@endsphinxtabset

The `ov::Model` object represents any models inside the OpenVINO™ Runtime.

> For more details, refer to [OpenVINO™ Model representation](model_representation.md) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, refer to the [OpenVINO™ Model representation](model_representation.md) article.
```

The code above creates a compiled model associated with a single hardware device from the model object.
It is possible to create as many compiled models as needed and use them simultaneously (up to the limitation of the hardware resources).
To learn how to change the device configuration, read the [Query device properties](./supported_plugins/config_properties.md) article.

### Step 3. Create an Inference Request

The `ov::InferRequest` class provides methods for model inference in OpenVINO™ Runtime. For more details see the [InferRequest detailed documentation](./ov_infer_request.md). 

> Create an infer request, using the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following code to create an infer request:
```

### Step 5. Start Inference

> OpenVINO™ Runtime supports inference in either synchronous or asynchronous mode. Using the Async API can improve overall application frame-rate, because rather than wait for inference to complete, the app can keep working on the host, while the accelerator is busy. You can use `ov::InferRequest::start_async` to start model inference in the asynchronous mode and call `ov::InferRequest::wait` to wait for the inference results:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenVINO™ Runtime supports inference in either synchronous or asynchronous mode. Using the Async API can improve the overall application frame-rate, because rather than wait for inference to complete, the app can keep working on the host while the accelerator is busy. You can use `ov::InferRequest::start_async` to start model inference in the asynchronous mode and call `ov::InferRequest::wait` to wait for the inference results:
```

To build your project using CMake with the default build tools currently available on your machine, execute the following commands:

> **NOTE**: Make sure you set environment variables first by running `<INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` (or `setupvars.bat` for Windows). Otherwise the `OpenVINO_DIR` variable will not be configured properly to pass `find_package` calls.

```sh
cd build/
cmake ../project
cmake --build .
```
It is allowed to specify additional build options (e.g. to build CMake project on Windows with a specific build tools). For details, refer to the [CMake page](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html#manual:cmake(1)).

> ## Run Your Application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Once you have made your first application with OpenVINO™ toolkit, you may run it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ## See Also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Additional Resources
```

> 

Reviewer: The heading should be "Linking and Building Your C++ Application with OpenVINO™ Runtime"

Reviewer 2: Applied in https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/11658/commits/c3f936da7112ecba3bb036be060690677dcfc290

To build your project using CMake with the default build tools currently available on your machine, execute the following commands:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> > **NOTE**: Make sure you set environment variables first by running `<INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` (or `setupvars.bat` for Windows). Otherwise the `OpenVINO_DIR` variable will not be configured properly to pass `find_package` calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```sh
cd build/
cmake ../project
cmake --build .
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **NOTE**: Make sure you set environment variables first by running `<INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` (or `setupvars.bat` for Windows). Otherwise the `OpenVINO_DIR` variable will not be configured properly to pass `find_package` calls.
```

> It is allowed to specify additional build options (e.g. to build CMake project on Windows with a specific build tools). For details, refer to the [CMake page](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html#manual:cmake(1)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify additional build options, e.g., to build a CMake project on Windows with a specific build tools. For details, refer to the [CMake page](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html#manual:cmake(1)).
```
